STEPS TO INSTALL PHPREPORT
--------------------------

0. Requirements

You will need the following software in your system:
   * Web server (tested with apache2)
   * Postgres database server (in theory, any version)
   * PHP 5.3.0 or higher supported by the web server

1. Setting up the database

Connect to your database server as superuser, or a user with enough
permissions to create databases and users. Run the following commands
to create a database, a user and grant enough permissions (change the
names and passwords if you feel like to, but remember it in the next steps):

CREATE DATABASE phpreport;
CREATE USER phpreport WITH PASSWORD 'phpreport';
ALTER DATABASE phpreport OWNER TO phpreport;

From the shell, use the utility createlang to define the language for the triggers
(set the correct DB name, user and host if you have changed them):

createlang -h localhost -W -U phpreport plpgsql phpreport

2. Setting up the files

Just move the program files to a location available for the web server. In a
Debian system, for example, it would be /var/www/phpreport.

3. Creating the schema and initial data of the database

You have two ways to do it: using the included web installation wizard (3.1) or
manually (3.2).

3.1 Installation wizard

As a precondition, your web server has to have write permissions on the config
directory of PhpReport to write the configuration file. Once that is done, open
the url http://your-web-server/phpreport/install, and follow the on-screen
instructions. If you didn't change the names and passwords specified on step 1,
defaults will just work fine.

Once the installation is complete, remove the install directory inside your
PhpReport, to prevent other users to reset your DB again.

3.2 Manual setup of schema and initial data

If you changed any of data on the first step, edit the file config/config.php
and set the correct values for the DB name, user, password, host, etc.

Browse to the directory sql/ and run the following commands (you will be asked
by the password (phpreport) interactively):

psql -h localhost -W -U phpreport phpreport < schema.sql
psql -h localhost -W -U phpreport phpreport < uniqueConstraints.sql
psql -h localhost -W -U phpreport phpreport < otherConstraints.sql
psql -h localhost -W -U phpreport phpreport < initialData.sql
psql -h localhost -W -U phpreport phpreport < triggers.sql

Set the correct DB name, user and host if they are different.

4. Try the application

Use a browser to open the correct URL of your web server, and use the user name 'admin'
and the password 'admin' for the first time. You will be able to create more users and
change their passwords once you enter the application.
